You will now see a selection of the cues from the task you just performed. Each cue will be accompanied by a rating scale. The title above each scale indicates which rating you are being asked to make. Please pay attention as to which of the following 2 ratings you will be asked to make: the VALENCE scale and the AROUSAL scale.
The VALENCE scale measures how positive or negative you are feeling. At the far left you would be feeling very negative — unhappy, upset, irritated, frustrated, angry, sad, or some other negative feeling. At the far right you would be feeling very positive — happy, pleased, satisfied, proud, content, delighted, or some other positive feeling. In the middle you would be feeling completely neutral, neither positive nor negative. Use button 1 to move the indicator towards negative and button 2 to move it towards positive.
The AROUSAL scale measures how aroused you are feeling at a given time. At the far right you would be feeling very alert, activated, charged, or energized — high physical or mental arousal. At the far left you would be feeling completely unaroused, slow, still, de-energized — no physical or mental arousal at all. The point in the middle represents being moderately aroused; it does not mean neutral. Use button 1 and button 2 to move the indicator.
Think about the scales as capturing separate aspects of how you are feeling. The arousal scale does not tell us whether you feel good or bad; it captures physical or mental activation. You could be feeling aroused and positive (excited about winning a prize) or aroused and negative (angry that someone stole your parking space). You could also be unaroused and positive (relaxing at a beautiful sunset) or unaroused and negative (feeling down). Report the negative-or-positive dimension on one scale, and the arousal dimension on the other.
Please make ratings individually for each cue. Make your ratings as quickly and accurately as possible. Press button 3 to select your rating and advance to the next trial.
